DOCSP-9596 replace one (#11)
mongodb/docs-java: source/usage-examples/replaceOne.txt

Replace a Document
==================

.. default-domain:: mongodb

You can replace a single document using the ``replaceOne()`` method on
a ``MongoCollection`` object. This method removes all the existing fields
and values from a document (except the ``_id`` field) and substitutes it
with your replacement document.

The ``replaceOne()`` method accepts a query filter that matches the
document you want to replace and a replacement document that contains the
data you want to save in place of the matched document. The ``replaceOne()``
method only updates the first document that matches the filter.

You can optionally pass an instance of ``ReplaceOptions`` to the method in
order to specify the method behavior. For example, if you set the ``upsert``
field of the ``ReplaceOptions`` object to ``true``, the operation inserts
a new document from the fields in the replacement document if no documents
match the query filter. See the link to the ``ReplaceOptions`` API
documentation at the bottom of this page for more information.

Upon successful execution, the ``replaceOne()`` method returns an instance
of ``UpdateResult``.  You can retrieve information such as the number of

> documents modified calling the ``getModifiedCount()`` method. You can also

Reviewer: ```suggestion
documents modified by calling the ``getModifiedCount()`` method. You can also
```

I think you accidentally a word here!

retrieve the value of the document's ``_id`` field by calling the
``getUpsertedId()`` method if you set ``upsert(true)`` in the

> ``UpdateOptions`` instance and the operation resulted in an upsert.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``UpdateOptions`` instance and the operation resulted in the insertion of a new document.
```

I would say that the operation is an upsert no matter what, but can result in either an update of an existing document or an insert of a new document.

.. code-block:: none

   After applying the update, the (immutable) field '_id' was found to have been altered to _id: ObjectId('...)

If your replacement document contains a change that violates unique index
rules, the method throws a ``MongoWriteException`` with the error
message that resembles the following:

.. code-block:: none

   E11000 duplicate key error collection: ...

For more information on the types of exceptions raised under specific
conditions, see the API documentation for ``replaceOne()``, linked at the
bottom of this page.

Example
-------

In this example, we replace the first match of our query filter in the
``movies`` collection of the ``sample_mflix`` database with a replacement
document. All the fields except for the ``_id`` field are deleted from the
original document and are substituted by the replacement document.

Before the ``replaceOne()`` operation runs, the original document contains
several fields describing the movie. After the operation runs, the resulting
document contains only the fields specified by the replacement document
(``title`` and ``fullplot``) and the ``_id`` field.

The following snippet uses the following objects and methods:

> - A **query filter** that is passed in the ``replaceOne()`` method. The ``eq``

Reviewer: This could be a good opportunity to link the the manual's entry for ``eq``. That being said, if you think that's too much linking that's fine too.

Author: It's linked at the bottom; I know this is not how our team initially approached driver documentation, but this is in response to feedback about having links too early in the document.

  filter matches only movies with the title exactly matching the text
  ``'Music of the Heart'``.

- A **replacement document** that contains the document that replaces the
  matching document if it exists.

- A **ReplaceOptions** object with the ``upsert`` option set to ``true``.
  This option specifies that the method should insert the data contained in
  the replacement document if the query filter does not match any documents.

.. include:: /includes/connect-guide-note.rst

.. literalinclude:: /includes/usage-examples/code-snippets/ReplaceOne.java
   :language: java

> If you are using the **legacy API**, see (TODO: FAQ ?) to determine what

Reviewer 2: Resolve TODO before pushing?

Author: I'm using TODOs only as placeholders. I'll start creating the placeholders soon to avoid having to use these.
